# Conditional_logic
PYT101 Conditional logic assignments
Temp_converter is two cells. First create the temp_c variable asking the user what the temperature is, make it float, create the temp_f varible equal to temp_c multiplied by the conversion rate, and confirm the variables. Second make an if, elif, else logic chain. If temp is less than zero, suggest heavy winter clothes, else if temp is greater than or equal to zero and less than twenty, suggest a jacket, else suggest light clothing, finally if temp is less than fifteen "suggest an umbrella if its rainy today"
Tip_calc is two cells. First create the variables asking the user input for bill total and satisfaction, confirm the user input. Second make the tip variable, make the if, elif, else logic chain. If satisfaction is good then tip is 20% of the bill, print suggested tip. Else if satisfaction is average then tip is 10% of the bill, print suggested tip. Else if satisfaction is bad then print apology message and don't suggest a tip. Else print error message.
Movie_ticket_calc is two cells. First create the variables, ticket is a float, age is a float asking the user to input their age in years, veteran is a string asking the user for a yes or no answer, make veteran all lower case, confirm the inputs by printing them, if age is less than 17 and veteran is yes call out the impossibility and make veteran=no, else for veteran being yer or no simply confirm the input, else for invalid input display the error message. Second determine the ticket price depending on age, if age<12 ticket=5, else if age<61 ticket=10, else ticket=7, if veteran=yes apply 10% discount, else print the ticket cost.